周三：
1.Swagger HTML怎么导出？
2.注册功能（service，impl，mapper，controller）
3.前端调整

plan:
1.不采用swagger，去除swagger的一切内容，使用docgen from github，先在postman写接口调用，
  然后导出json，然后docgen md文档，更改格式，扩充内容，所以需要先写完所有接口和实现类以及Controller
  （记得在头部说明interceptor的事情）
2.目前需要哪些特性？
    1.注册（页面+逻辑）（页面搞一个以index为底层的表单即可）
    2.转账（页面+逻辑）（减去账户余额，伪方法即可）
        （包含：选择慈善机构，捐赠款目）（页面悬浮在捐赠页面，类似于登陆界面）
    3.profile需要改动页面以及加入余额
    | 3待解决
登陆和注册都是username，pwd
周四：
1.API完成

周五，6，7：
1.API文档整合（Rest和普通的controller到底能不能整合上？不能的话，直接一半一半） -- easy
2.页面调整引入thymeleaf -- 完成所有功能的体现 （Risk点）
    -- 1.用户名重复回现问题 -- 注册页面 -- 尝试 th:text
       2.登陆页面的thymeleaf -- 所有页面的profile按钮3
       3.捐赠的伪功能（controller）和捐赠页面的thymeleaf
       4.最后记得开启拦截器
3.Transfer的Controller -- easy

目前：
1 - profile的整合
2 - 在profile想办法体现一下钱数？
3 - 解决域名问题
4 - 直接上线（没时间就不写CICD了）

--
解释视频 -- ·tom，按要求的技术zhan
accessablity 视频，认真
app demonstaartion 按表格
S3 两ye page
完成profile和其他更改
faq mnv剔除拦截器
niki要求的faq
上线服务器，结合cicd（域名绑定）
What is the DonateWeb, and what is its mission?
DonatWeb is a platform that connects donors with different charities in Dubai. Our mission is to promote charitable giving and make it easy for people to support causes they care about, as we are aware of the communication gap between charities and donors in Dubai and we aim to easen the communication and provide a simple yyet effective method of donation to all our users.

How do I donate to a charity through the website?
To donate, simply visit the website, select the charity you would like to support, and choose the donation amount. You can make a donation using a credit or debit card. You can start by registering to our website (link on this part) to create your account.


Can I choose which charity my donation goes to?
Yes, you can select the charity you would like to support from our list of participating organizations. We are partnered with a list of charities in different sectors, allowing a wider range of donation groups for you. You will be able to select your donation group and donating item during the process.

What types of charities can I donate to through the website?
We work with a wide range of charities, including those that support education, health, the environment, animal welfare, and more. A list of the charities we work with are provided here. (link to explore charities page)


How do I know my donation is being used effectively?

We work with charities that are transparent about their operations and how they use donations. Many charities provide regular updates on their activities and the impact they are making. Furthermore, through your profile page(add link to profile page), you will be able to track the journey of your donation the moment you have made the donation. You will be able to see where your donation has reached and who it has benefitted.
